{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green50\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22745\c25490\c27059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bob Woodward reports, the general mark Milly contemplated handing over american security to the Chinese to thwart Trump and the California, However, against communism is done, I bench purposes the bench Barroso. the Morocco is sponsored by expressing deep yanza. Let big tech track. What you do, anonymize your web browsing and Express Vps outcome. Slash then we'll get off NEWS in just one moment. First here Is your minor you're spending way too much on your cell phone coverage? Lots of customers already held its, which is why customers have been abandoning by droves. Rising can t t Mobile and those overpriced wireless plans, the pay for the thousands of retail stores, latest social initiatives there added proxy pay for, but never actually use. Instead, hundreds of thousands of smart families are saving over eight hunter dollars year by switching over to pure talk without having to sacrifice coverage. That's because here too Chinese axiom network is one of the big brain, so you're getting all of the benefits of the size and none downsides of the of the actual cost. What is your excuse? I made this. What you can keep your phone keeper number or it huge\
0:00:58 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
counts on the latest iphones an android in get unlimited talk, text and six gigs data. Just thirty bucks a month in if you still want eliminating, get that too and still save a fortune had an old appeared talked. I can't enter your address to check the coverage at your homer office, then shop for the planned. That's right for you even use their savings calculators. He exactly how much your family will save, but a pure talked outcome entered Conklin Shapiro. You will say fifty percent off your very first month. That is pure talk, dotcom promo code, it Shapiro pure Talk, is simply smarter wireless, while a couple of preliminary, not first the it is comic of our generation. Norman Mcdonald died. Yesterday he had been battling. Cancer apparently quite Lee and secretly, without making that public any passed away, if you just want a day filled with last go to Youtube in his watch old goods, nor Mcdonald Ease in under appreciate genius, and I as Germany boring my business partner. Put it did\
0:01:50 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
a genius of nor modalities that every single, more maternal fan feels like there, the only normal tunnel that would in fact, pre much everybody was enormous, Donald, antisocial, just hysterically funny his memoirs, one, the funniest books have written, go check out some nor Mcdonald. Today in Numb, and more generally political news, be California Recall Effort- was a complete and total died Newsome one with an extraordinary percentage. The vote. The he survived the recall effort by a margin of sixty four to thirty six. That's it Many per cent of the vote in an item in the question who was going to replace him very well. was leading with forty seven percent of the vote, the California I recall exit polls. The NBC news show that the the desire to recall Newsome was now that was not held by a majority of Californians anywhere enable right of only forty seven percent of of males only forty six percent of males wondering column Eight percent women, wonder recall him only forty four percent\
\
0:02:49 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
white voters, wonder we commonly nineteen percent of platforms. Wonder recall, so this is just a Spock blow out, and that is because California is completely blue states or the bad news, California is a California is apparently irredeemable and now in an inevitable state of complete collapse in decline, because there is no desired. Actually reverse any of that has been proven. the Good NEWS is, I don't think that moving back, I guess that's good news that that is. That is pretty much. What be they recall, effort shows they did ask folks, about some of the issues that it that it come up on these in the recall ever particularly covered policy, and what they found is that a a large percentage of California very comfortable with covered policies that were put forward by bike avenues him, something they. Forty six percent, Californians said that they thought that about right, that did this zeal, pretty good that'll work, just fine, in fact, a significant percentage of California thought that be\
0:03:46 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
covered policies were actually not strict enough. They had been stricter apparent only Thirty two percent of Californians thought that the policies were too strict. So they're getting what they deserve. A good and hearts the HIV Mencken lied about democracy being the that the voters are to get what they want good heart. This is what are getting Gooden hard, twenty two, percent of the people vote in the recall strongly approved of governance? from its double another twenty eight percent, somewhat approved, so that fifty four percent and it up Not not a huge percentage of people actually disapproved them as a fit. Forty three percent, this some pretty heavy when for Gavin Newsome for his part, governess said this was a referendum on Trump. Isn't much is kind of wild Donald Trump Number one, is not on the ballot but number to you beavis triumphal about survive, recall effort in California, which is heavily democratic state, it is like saying it Ben\
0:04:43 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
puros or baby recall effort at the daily wire relic. I own the place. The Democrats owned the place so given that the shop would have of governors. Mash had been recalled, and let's not be ridiculous about this- the wreck effort here was significantly less likely to succeed in the recall effort of great Avis back in. Two thousand one thousand to Babylon Radio, recall. During that period, we are like four years or more from republican governor bless him. of one hundred a truly republican governor was P Wilson in late ninety nineties, a full generation, it was given Newsome trying to suggest that this was his triumphant. Returning had triumphed over Trump ISM is what because you're gonna try and by the way it's a good reminder that this is the democratic plan for twenty twenty two and twenty twenty four, they want to run its trump they want, Trump on the ballot. They want to make it all about Trump, Why? If your Republican, even if you like trouble out\
\
0:05:39 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
what I think a little but seriously about what we want from back on the ballot, because it does get Democrats out to the ballot box for sure from is good. public internet and he's even better democratic turnout. In any case, it is Gavin Newsome trying to push that point said this many many times in a campaign. Trail may have the faded trump, but Trump ISM is not dead in this country. The big lie. January six insurrection, all the voting suppression efforts that have been all across this country, happening the assault on fundamental rights. Constitutionally protect the rights of women and girls issue remarkable moment. in our nation sister, It's not a remarkable moment in our nations has ruined remarkable if you ve been dumped again this the equivalent of the of Alabama surviving\
0:06:29 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
recall action against a Democrat. I does. That is not a principle were shock, and then the media protagonist shock is kind of shocking in itself that the real shock is that what this far nonetheless according to DE and wide use basic health. When you Basques in its clairvoyance? The future happens. Your first as governor gave a new some calling his state America's coming attraction. Well, that's why I left I emphatically turning back the to recall him from office. However, Mr Newsome made clear California cherished role preceding the politics of tomorrow was as significant as another, larger factor in Tuesday's results. The tribal politics of today the first democratic. Governor will remain in office because in a deeply liberal state here Do we nationalized the recall effort as republican plot making a flame throwing radio hosted trumped like face of the opposition to polarized the electorate along red and blue mines? And the suggestion here- and this has been the suggestion of the media- is that if Larry Elder had not been the candidate for the Republican Party most likely to replace governing some, then Newsome would have done in the recovered now that may be true in the sense that very\
0:07:29 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
very strong political personality with very strong views, but and they heavily Democrat stayed. The notion that he was gonna get recalled at all was probably a bit of a pipe dream and even the poles narrowed significantly and got support. What is really really narrow? That was one We're not talking about any of the people running against him. If it had not been Larry, they probably domestic. Having helped falconer, for example, so again in the media. Freedom is, as a referendum servant is more generally We are attempting to make it a referendum on Trump ISM. Anyway, and nothing to do with either a hundred the fact of z, heavy against enough to heavy blue state. They have a shoe a majority in legislature, the Democrats do so, if they'd replaced Newsome with any Republican that would have been a grave chalk Journalism found success, not because what makes California different, but because of how it's like everywhere else, he dominated in California. Heaven\
\
0:08:21 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
populated democratic cities, the key to victory and a state where his party numbers Republicans by five million voters battling the should be reminder if you're republican in California, things are getting worse. Not better. I've been saying that, since I left follow me get out, while the getting is good move to a purple state that state Red California is a lost cause, I know they're a bunch. People were hanging out over there. I was one of them until a year ago, I am my Chappie are now that I have left to state. A state is again Inexorable state of decline, there's there are not interested in turning away from the path that there are now trotting. You're, not turning away from higher taxes, do not turning away from regulation are not running away from from terrible records on on crime and horrible. it's an education, not turning away from any of that stuff. There embracing it. Embracing the south so get out, while the getting is good with plenty of opportunity in other states. So that is they take away from the California election? Is there\
0:09:17 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
the continued sorting effect is going to continue and that we are going to be a country. where the red states become redder and the blue states become lower and the purple states will either shift over into red or blue, and then follow that path, inevitably as well, Labour genuine from purple to Blue announced seems like gonna continue. Moving blue sea be the trend over in Virginia On the other hand, Ohio went from purple to read and seems like it. It's gonna get more at overtime. Florida moved from purple to reddened seems like is getting more red overtime. California, from blue too deep blue to like dark night. Blue. That's what's gonna happen in the country and deeper. The result of that is going to be further polarization at the federal level. so on a national level. Why should we care about California, because what it actually procedures is not just politics in California what procedures is a question whether We actually do want remain part of the same body politic. If we do want remember parts and body politic, we're going to have to construct a system of a federal governance in which taxes can be tat,\
0:10:14 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
in California can be California? However, California has what Texas be taxes. And herein lies the rub, Federal government has no interest when run by them. Rats in allowing taxes to be taxes, they like taxes to be California, and if that's the case, what you're going to be and up with, is a fairly ugly split between states that wish to be left alone and states to run their business from the top level of the federal government. I think this is why you're here is some shock these days about equity, hold civil war or talk about secession or talk about the country. Breaking apart, It's a serious question. What, whenever you form a body politic, which is what happened at the founding and what happened again in the aftermath of a civil war, you for my body politic, you have, side. Whether you wished remain part of the same country, and if so, what common rules can you hold a top level that everybody can agree to or if the basic notion of american governments that the federal government gonna make all the rules, and it's just going to be a struggle for the power of the wondering, in this country is not going to last this way, it is just not and maybe then the best hope for a lot of\
\
0:11:13 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
and servers, and maybe for a lot of liberals, depending on whose in control that federal government is a friendly separation? That is what that force ages and not that that California is the wave of the future, but the California and its polarization is the wave of the future. No we're gonna get. I promise you in the aftermath of this real, say, belgian flora them go up, say, thousand Arizona in Texas in about they're gonna go up because republicans are going to continue living and made so the California politicians want so be it. already in just a second and to the other big news of the day. The cutum by gender, Marcella, it's hard to call it anything other than that really it's kind of industry, story from Bob Woodward knew, but we'll get to that in just one moment. First, let us talk about your sleep equality, so you may have noticed that a little tired lately, because my kids minimal but sick. That means that when I am sleeping, I need to sleep when I want, efforts, I need you sleep, and that means I need a mattress made just for me. This is where he looks sleep comes in here. Would sleep has acquired? It takes just\
0:12:11 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
minister, complete matches your body to eventually preferences to the perfect mantras for you. Why would you buy em was made for someone else with helix you're getting as you know, will be perfect for the way you sleep everybody's, Nick, and he likes knows that if several different mattress models to choose from they saw medium and firm mattresses, mattresses, grateful in you down if you sleep, hot mattresses, great for spinal alone, to prevent morning eggs and pains even a huge plus matters for plus sized sleeper. So if you're looking for a mattress, you take the quays you or the from your match. Through the mattress comes right, you're Georgia for free, you ever need to go to a mattress store again. Helix was worthy number. One best. Overall, mattress pick up. Twenty twenty members, geek you and wired magazine and recommended by multiple leading chiropractors and doctors of sleep medicine is a solution for improving, sleep, we love our helix sleep mattress. You will do and got a tender warranty. You tried out four hundred. I risk free I'll pick it up for you. If you love it, but you will. I promise I'll, have my hugely mattress uses, offering two hundred bucks off all mattress oars and to free pillows for our listeners and hugely dot com\
0:13:07 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Fleischmann, that's. He looks leap, Dotcom, Slash Ben already, so as we discuss, the role of the federal government. I think at this point there two possibilities for the federal government and the continuation thereof. One as I mentioned, the possibility that the rules at the top level are agreed upon their fairly light. and then we get to live locally. The way model of locally San Francisco gets live like San Francisco and Texas gets so like access. Read that That seems like a fairly good way of doing things. In fact, that's kind of what the founders proposed and then system number two, which is a comfort and over the vast power of the federal government and every four years we switch. Our elected dictator now the problem is that that rule only works? If you think we're one the downsides of the other guys gaining control is still worth the upset. The remaining part of the union, and to that, if that you have enough a shot of gaining control of believers of power, the universal out of the bad stuff. If you just stick in long enough, those two conditions for sticking in a very center\
\
0:14:06 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
his power regime. One is that the people who operate Decentralized power on the other side aren't actually going to ruin your life in the time that they are in control and to is that even if they attempt to ruin your life there still the shot. The Europe I can take off his into three years and then reversal of that Republicans. Bought into that right? The idea is, ok, yellow binds an inspirational sought, but maybe into three years from comes back and get round the scientist or somebody else. Now there is one factor militate against that possibility and exacerbate the possibility of a general crack up in the american political system. What? If that possibility, goes away not through election fraud and not the rigging of the rules, are anything but what? If the federal government has essentially been reduced from a system of checks and balances in which the and sides are mitigated and the upsurge of still available what checks and balances had been completely replaced by an administrative state that effectively, and on its own in opposition,\
0:15:04 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
You conservatives, when they're in power, but in support of it crash when their empower. This the talk about the cortical permanent, deep state when Donald Trump was president. There is the idea that there is a career offers in the bureaucracy, and they spent pretty much. Everyone moment, attempting to thwart what the trumpet ministries is attempting to do, and this, of course was true in large measure. In fact, at their work, career Democrats in the State Department really didn't like what, for example, might pump. Hale was trying to do at the State Department there were career democrats in the Department of Defense. Didn't legal Donald Trump was trying to do and trumped in clear out. This administrative agencies. You fired a few people but really clear them top to bottom and others Most renovation sees were able to thwart alot of his desires, and this was the way back to irregular Ministration Ronald Reagan, suggested who's, gonna, jump the deployment of education and then proceeded to fund it. So Republicans if they like the equivocal deep state aids a conspiracy it just the idea that you have a bunch of staffers were in positions of power who feel that they are\
0:16:01 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
overall allegiance to the institution for which they work and they interpret them allegiance. As we have a mission in this particular institution, no president's is allowed to override allegiance to effective level independent body of actors who just happen to I'm pretty heavily with people inside the Democratic party. So if, as I say, the new possibilities for maintaining the union are one a light: a light touch at the federal level, which is not really possibility anymore or to let the federal Has water power, but on sites mitigated because there is no a free willing everything it's done. We want to do it, checks and balances that there's a tracking balance to just railing through things right that is meeting in fact, our number one and mitigating factor number two: is your guy could take control inverse everything? What, if the mitigating factors, away because of an enormous administrative state run by the executive and the executive can do whatever the f you want at any time you just use the cdc to cram down eviction moratorium.\
\
0:16:55 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
By the way they have an underground and then was re, re opt under undermine or he can use you justice Parliament simply stop enforcing immigration law, as happened in abroad, or OSHA can be used of all places. to cram down vaccine mandate and a hundred million Americans What if the checks and balances go away, so the downsides her now not only mitigated there actually exacerbated, read the downsides of the bad guys in your. Whatever your view is running the government, the downside turn are limited and not only that. What if, if you're on the right you look at the federal government like ok. Well, if the downsides are unlimited, the upsides are also unlimited use of our guy takes power than he can undo. What, if you can't? What? If you can't what the administrative state is a bulwark. against conservatives, but is a tool for people on the left and that that happens to be kind of the cake. Indeed, the administrative bureaucracy is staffed by career, prevent most of whom graduated from colleges with with\
0:17:55 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
reason government and those bent most of their working lives. Working on behalf of institutions that are thoroughly infringed in liberal group think If you have you walk into the regulatory agencies of the federal government and you are- We pulled the regulatory agencies to exactly how those folks vote. My guess is that it looks a lot like eighty. Twenty Democrat And then we will have an enormous amount of power since the writing, the actual regulations, you think Donald Trump sitting there reading the regulations, binders regulations, even even Rhonda Santas, were president he'd have the ability to read through the thousands and tens of debt, thousands of pages of the Federal Register generated by the beer Creasy Embryo administrative threat is a threat to liberty, but so a threat to the stability of the government. because the more rigid it becomes, the more self sustaining it becomes. The less the American will feel like they have a bargain here below they feel that their voices are heard like they can push back against a one way. Rats, in terms of the federal government\
0:18:53 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
that's where things kind of yet another grazed indicator of this. That, maybe I have seen in my lifetime is the brand new story. Busy of Bob Woodward in his new book, so Babel Robert Costa have a new book title peril and in Spock there's a bit of a shocking revelation revelations. The general mark, Malay, determined of joint chiefs of staff, assured his chinese counterpart General Lee jokes. Of the People's Liberation Army at the United Would it not strike? Apparently he did this twice. Apparently you so fearful twice in the final months of the trumpet ministration the President's attribute spark a war with China. He moved urgent, need to avert. Armed conflict is number one. Yesterday where'd. This story, come from. I weren't destroy, come because apparently there's only two people on that phone call. One is Mark Milly and the other is general Well Jane, people's Liberation Army, presumably woodwork didn't get those from the Chinese, which means mcmillion bragging about this, which is not\
\
0:19:48 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
because Mark Milly has rightly inflated sense about his own importance. and of the historical moment, a marginal, was the one who is comparing January six to an actual Reichstag fire in suggesting means higher democracy was in danger, which of course, was untrue. He has this kind of bizarre blown up sense of himself as the main standing in the gaps that undermine the bridge is, but even You believe that There are ways to resist President illegal orders in number you don't carry them out. Number two can threaten to quit region precedent for this during the from administration even if not illegal, you can render quit James Madison in several times before he actually quite where the Secretary of Defence general gems matters. You recall the down from wanted him to do. Particular things that he didn't want to do in Syria, medicines when to women's like I'm, not doing that and then from back down ameliorated done something he didn't get even go to Congress.\
0:20:45 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Millie apparently went directly to the enemy. You went directly to the chinese government and he said to them you know this crazy guy in the White House, man that guy's crazy and and if he ordered us to do anything militarily, even its legal, I'm not gonna, do it. In fact, I will call you first, I will call you first and then you wonder why so many consumers worry about the cortical deep state coup details Uncle Alec, deep state gloomy, even Alexander Binmus right, the guy who is who is phoning indeed Ukraine phone call variants had from you, and he was like this is insane because it is simple, control. The military is a bulwark of american republicanism get some more of this in just one. Second, first, we have a very different kind of sponsor, for this particular episode is called the Jordan Harbinger shall into podcast. You really should be listening to I know everyday somebody tells you have to listen to some hot guest or another, but Jordan Harbinger Show is well worth the listen apple named it one of its best of twenty eighteen aimed at making. You are better informed, more critical thinkers, even get a sense of how the world actually\
0:21:39 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Comes your own conclusions about what's happening even inside your own brain. Each episode is a conversation with a different fascinatingest. When I say this, think for everyone here. I really mean that in one episode, Jordan extra hostage, negotiators from the FBI offers techniques and how to get people to like interest you which now useful and also that of disturbing. At the same time. There's another episode telling the story of a cinematography who discovered lost Sid, in the jungle and maybe the most important archaeological finds the century. It's always fascinating. Conversations with people like Oliver North were re Dalia, this stuff that really make you, a more informed human being we heard daily wherein try to show. We think you will to check out George the harbinger dotcom slashed start for some episode recommend since or search the Jordan harbinger show its HIV. R b as in boy I as an anti g, are on Apple podcast, Spotify or where every listen to pod gets. Ok, What about words book the chairman of the when she's the staff and our president from General marginally called up the hill of the chinese Military General Lee watching and told him\
\
0:22:38 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
righted stage would not strike one call. According to the Washington Post took place on October thirtieth, twenty twenty four. before the election that unseated president from the other took place January. Eighth, twenty If you want two days after the capitals, each carried out by his supporters in a question cancel about the first call, Brandon, Emily's, review of intelligence, suggesting the Chinese believed the United States was preparing to attack that believe the authors rights, based on tensions over military exercises in the south, trying to see and deepened by terms. belligerent rhetoric or China, Milly apparently called up generally I want to assure you the american government is stable at everything is going to be ok, we're not going to attack or conduct any kinetic operations against you in the books account. Millie went so far as to pledge to lorries counterpart in the event of Eu Us attack, stressing the report they'd established Throwback channel General Lee you and I have known each other for five years now. If we're going to\
0:23:29 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
I'm going to call you ahead of time is not going to be a surprise, that's insane and we're not even talking about post election. At this point, this is still pre election is born. Ingenuous stuff is before you election fraud, stuff, none of which, by the way, justifies breaking the chain of com any legal ways which is apparently what really dead too as well. But again, and before any that such over thirtieth. Now I recall that period, I recall, October or November or December JANET one that longer was then widespread talk about how the United States was going to enter full scale fighting war with the Chinese was having been on the table, was anyone even discussing I feel I got what I heard about that, given the fact that president from is a big seventy, two cable news and cable news, presumably, would have been discussing that pretty rapidly from for talking about it worthy awful possibilities and chinese thought that we were going to start a shooting war with a country?\
0:24:29 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
a billion humans in it by what what does anyone? Should we believe that, or is really just a delusional thoroughly self obsessed human being and is Instead, I mean that's insane. He called up the Chinese Even if you believed that the element of it is a bit of a thing in a war, let's say the Trumpet Natural legal order to fight on a chinese boat in the south. Trinity is merely actually going to warn me trying there were about to do that. Losing fundamental element of surprise and a military conflict. Also, the notion that really would have to call the Chinese is crazy, because again we do have procedures to defy illegal orders in the military Cnn reported on this back in September, two thousand and eighteen based on another babbled were brook actually because it we'll years ago, there's a Bob Woodward book it talking there\
\
0:25:24 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
James matters was mounting off about Trump and all the rest of this, but CNN. where, at the time that all the top you ask manners, would push back against an order from for nuclear strike at the record of what illegal generally and heightened was the top use nuclear commander, sad court provide advice to the president. He'll tell me what to do if it's illegal gus what's gonna happen. I must say, Mr President, that illegal that's what he's gonna do he's gonna say what would be legal come up with options of a mix of capabilities to respond. Whatever the situation is, that's the way it works so that complicated, Haydn besides. The US military has the obligation to follow. Only legal order, including those entailing the launch of nuclear weapons, also Airforce general Robert Killer, served as commander of U S strip. A? U S. Strategic, and under Obama said there are layers of safeguards within the system designed to ensure any order. Is legal and proportionately appropriate quote: U S nuclear MRS operate under strict civilian control, only the pay if the United States can order the employment of use nuclear weapons, this is essential,\
0:26:24 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
controlled by human beings? Nothing happens automatically and military analyse junk Herbie right now he's these spokesperson person for the Pentagon. Adapting is a military analysed for CNN. He said Military Judge Advocates General Council. Our active participants in the decision making process had virtually every level from the tactical to the strategic. He said they help ensure political. These in uniform commanders, fully understand and consider love or principles, as well as the dick Jim congressional legislation before any final decision is reached regarding me of armed Force in defence of the nation, particularly during the play of combat operations. So in other words, is there circumstance under which would have been necessary for in general to go to the Chinese and say we're gonna give you a heads up on a military attack. I was there not borderline treason Haven't you hey drum Monseigneur Democrat want that same logic being applied. You Joe Biden, you're the generals. You start calling up targets.\
0:27:18 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
American military ire and be like yeah dies. You know what I can obey me, those orders and, if, by French, it's an empty threat in this, in call placed to assuage chinese fears about the events of January six weeks, and as easily as ways uniformity promised. Him quote. We are one hundred percent, steady, everything's, fine, but democracy can be sloppy, so times, we remained rattled Milly. Would you know really the conversation to drum understood, why the German succeed you at the time chosen by trumpet twenty eighteen believe the President, its fundamental mental decline after the election? The authors rights of you he can. indicated to how Speaker Nancy Policy and a phone call January eighth. He agreed with her evaluation from was unstable according to a call transcript obtained by the others. Now again, that's not illegal by Milly is allowed to talk. You Nancy blowsy. What he's now, let's do is call up the chinese and start conveying this believing that China could lash out if it felt at risk from an unpredictable and vengeful american president. Milly took action\
\
0:28:12 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
He called the admiral overseeing: U S, Indonesia, the command in military responsible for Asia and Pacific and recommended. putting military exercises in the admiral complied Millie, also summoned senior officers review the procedures for launching nuclear weapons The president's alone could give the order, but also that he really had to be involved, which is a bit of a violation of the chain of command. Looking issue, I merely asked the officers from the dead understood and what he considered an oath Milly went further in seeking to stave off a national security crisis, but his alarm was shared throughout the EU. The strength of the administration, including its aid, represent a hassle who told me, but we are on the way to a right wing coup, a right wing coup. Again, there is no institutional support for the January. Sixth writers and in fact this month, Republicans signed off on the election in the states and in the past government as well. We get to more or less in just a moment. First, do you have a car sitting in your driveway that you're not using? Well, I mean you'd like irrelevant right. Why keep paying for it if you're not using it,\
\
and it's a hassle train celebrating adds having people come see it. That's. Why Are you I donated to cars for kids, its quick and it's easy any get attack reduction in you're? Doing some good coordination is fast and freight usually picture in twenty four hours, often even the same day and cars for kids will take your car. Even if it's not running it, take just about two minutes. They handle all the details. All the paperwork, all you need to do is scheduled pick up and sign the title. If you have one, it really is that quick and easy? And yes, don't in your car is tax deductible cars for kids hard to sell your car for the best price. That means more funds for their charity and a bigger tax deduction for you, hundreds of miles north of donated to cars for kids, like Alex from San Francisco air, from Detroit or Michael from National Actually from ally. L heard me talk about cars for kids and they ve donated as a special thank you for getting your car cars for kids will give you a vacation voucher, good for a three day and to night hotel stay, donate your car claimer tax deduction. Today gonna cars for kids, dot, Org, Slash Ben IT professional service can mean you pick a maximum tax reduction vacation.\
\
And are doing good. That's a lot of great stuff happening all at once. For you, that's cars with K, K, R S, number four kids, K, ideas, dot, Org, Slash Ben cars for kids, dot, Org, Slash Ben you know. All of this is deeply dangerous stuff, as I'm suggesting, if you have an administrator, Bureaucracy on elected officials were actually making the policy of the United States in opposition to the elected leaders of the United States. you have on your hands a real threat to democracy and actual coup by them. To democracy, lies in unelected bureaucrats, not entirely national branch, or at least a point on unelected bureaucrats, make policy in defiance of their democratic, let bosses better! serious problem, and we have procedures for people They don't want to follow illegal or is what we don't have our procedures for you, calling up a foreign power and trying to find foreign policy on your own as an appointing the as an interview, knighted states, in defiance of statute in Milly, needs to go and he used to go forth with maybe needs reprocessing really\
\
That's that's insane stuff. Hold true, regardless of who the president of the United States is nonetheless the hatred for trust. Me, this is where we are in our politics. Hatred for Trump means that the democratic left expects cortical, deep state actors who do the sort of stuff They expect people in the administrative bureaucracy to thwart Republicans this, why the rational, works. One way again, it's not only true when it comes to the military infrastructure. It's true. When it comes to OSHA, it's when it comes to the EPA. when it comes to the IRS. The ratchet only works one way, because when a Republican is an office in entire executive branch exists to thwart him and when a Democrat is in office entire executive branch exists to placate, assuage and forward. All of his policy proposals there is democratic, represented John Germany from California Defence bellies reported actions I'm talking what general milling didn't you think that that's legitimate, that he would call a secret meeting and say don't listen to the commander in chief? Basically, I believe that\
0:32:02 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Molly would do that now. Did he do it remains to be seen, but I do what I know of that jungle and his well. The cheapest out is that he would call a meeting Given the concerns of an unhinged president at that period of time, Apparently, this is all ok, Emerson. Missus. Barry Mccaffrey, of course, is a general himself is about That's fine! He's a string! Stop world war! Three items we're gonna, Milly was doing and finally routinely the german servers Chiefs enjoyed combating commander Q. Yours a bonfire with, counterparts globally. Aren't they parents of unwanted combat. I think he felt it important to not end up with a world war. One about war through those calculated on the part of the Chinese\
0:33:01 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
So again, I think we're before we get this prince in red tremendous combat answered extremely intelligent law. Bays trying to safeguard translation duly elected president abide administration. Now we do have diplomats. Riley we have diplomats were available. Why didn't? Why didn't you walk across the office Milly to folks in the state, and say to the Secretary of State my come here, you know there maybe miscalculation here. You may want to call the Chinese and assure them that there is no in imminent military action. And the idea here is the Milly was working who's. The man on the inside they see it Lieutenant general mark also defended Milly. I'm not sure how you defend the general, who is calling up the enemy and trying to inform them about how he he's going to essentially create the military policy on his own, in defiance of the civilian leadership,\
\
0:34:00 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
John, really took some very prudent measures. John, isn't gonna call that the head of the peoples, Liberation Army in China say hey, don't worry about everything's going on he's getting sick, all that other countries are concerned as well, they should have been during this period of time. They were all watching. What going on in the insurrection on the fifth of January. So I think Journal Milly, didn't limit the president's power. I think, if you did That would be certainly a civil military action of the hires highest measure and should be condemned what he did was ensure that God, those were in place. So give him high marks for this, based on, what's described in the book high marks again, I'm going to members of the military brass insane k, there's still a chain. Here's have legalities work, that's fine! I really don't have a huge problem with that, whether it's called or not. That's, that's, then, is purview. I'm gonna keep focusing on. He called up each high knees, government,\
0:34:57 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
right after that, only by the way were led virus. He called up the chinese government and told them about what american military plans would or would not be. This, of course, lead. President trumped you fire backers, president from yesterday, first of all, it is actually true which is hard to believe that he would have called a China and done these things and was willing to advise them of an attack or in advance about attack. That's treason for him say that I would even think about packing China, I think he's trying to just get out of his incompetent withdrawal out of Afghanistan, up trumpets no wrong about this, and it does speak to the fact that, The bureaucracy is entrenched, it stays entrenched which brings us to Afghanistan, will get to that in just one moment, because marathons are still trap. There were now like they sixteen days nineteen of Americans being trapped in Afghanistan with nobody on the ground over them, because that a second first, if even having\
0:35:55 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
falling asleep we're staying asleep, one of the best things you could do is start getting it. Magnesium don't run of the store and just by the first thing, is supplement, find most magnesium supplements use the two cheapest synthetic forms. They are not full spectrum, so they won't fix your magnesium deficiency or hopelessly better, their actual seven unique forms of magnesium. Yet to get all of them. If you're no experience because sleep enhancing effects. That's why I read and magnesium breakthrough. Bye, bye, optimized simply take two capsules. Before you go to bed Amazed by how much better you sleep and by how much more rescued you feel when you wake up for an exclusive offer from Allister's go W W W mag breakthrough dot com, Slash Shapiro Code, Shapiro, ten save ten percent. You try magnesium a breakthrough and one more thing for limited time. I ask myself is also giving way free bottles of their best selling products. P three o em. Mass designs: it's like purchases, go to W W, W Dot, mag breakthrough, dot com, Slash Shapiro right now, get your exclusive ten percent discount, plus the chance to get more than fifty bucks worth of supplements for free that\
\
0:36:51 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
W W w dot man a breakthrough, dot com, Slash Shapiro for that ten percent discount and use code, Shapiro Tennessee that ten percent already we'll get to Afghanistan and the lack of accountability. That is, is throughout the administrative state. First last week By denouncing authoritarian vaccine mandate, it's meant force all companies over a hundred employees, either mandate back or test their employees for covered at least once per week. Can you haven't heard already we're not gonna, do that you're a daily work? we don't think the federal government has the authority to do any of this. For this we could face up to fourteen. Dollars for every single violation which could destroy us, which is why we are taking them to court and we are calling on you for Europe. support. If you join us as it anywhere member right out will begin. the resources we need to take, despite all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary, in our daily work outcome, Slash Subscribe, use code do not comply check out for twenty five percent of Amerika have been far too willing to see their freedoms to authority and bureaucrats in the name of public health. Enough is enough, so please stand with us at the daily, where most\
0:37:50 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
certainly with the rights of all american citizens? In listening to the largest fastest growing conservative Pakistan radio show in the nation himself. General Marbella. Remember. He is part of the bureaucracy that one lovely, a fire by now he's going to lose their jobs for incompetence so long as they carry out he wishes of democratic president, so we have watched in extraordinaire botched operation, Afghanistan, general mobility, it is kind of amazing. The mark Milly called up the Chinese. We show them that we will do anything that offended their tender sensibilities while Trump was president. Meanwhile, mark million the entire Pentagon was working with them. Administration to make nice with the Taliban. That's that's really just wonderful And apparently droning randalls sets excite. As well ran. Paul asked Senate\
0:38:39 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
sorry state Tony blinkin yesterday about does because, on the way out of Afghanistan, after the ISIS K Attack, which is like a special care vices attack on american troops in Afghanistan, while they were trying to accurate vote, your recovery. After that, on the way out, there was a drone attack by the military and accord. There are times we basically held an afghan translator and many members of his family, including children, ran Paul, asked Secretary of State twenty Blink You have any idea we droned and Lincoln nope so question is we're getting fired for that and what does it take to get fired, depended on and if kinda fired, whose actually and control that's the real question. Maybe it when a democratic president The answer is the democratic presidencies and control the one republican president is president, then Bureaucracy is in control? There is centre ran with Tony Blinkin, the guy the Biden administration droned was.\
\
0:39:30 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Aid worker or an ices K operative. The administration is, of course, reviewing that that Craig and I am sure that a full assessment will be Well before you don't know if those in aid worker or an ice is cooperative operative. I can't speak too that I can speak to that in the setting. In any event, so you don't know, I won't tell us, I don't. I dont know because we're peruvian we'll see You gotta know before you off somebody with a predator drown. Yes sure leggy yeah, that's ten harder. you with me. Well tony blinking, keep saying we didn't you this coming! So then, why are you still working? Why are you so? in office, and the answer is because of your part of the democratic blob you can Is your job for pretty much any reasons other than just kind of offending the president, but other than that you gonna stay there forever no matter how in company you are and then went on\
0:40:30 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
beginners offs that can fire any these career staff. We're just gonna, keep him there because of you, keep him there, then who's going to fill those gaps. Answer is whoever's elected the next republican president. Needs to clean house, and I mean mass firing. I mean everybody goes, I mean this place gets shut down top to bottom. There is so Harry state enable it we had no idea by the way everybody knew whose watching this for five seconds. This is going to happen. If you did this way, you did it a genius to figure this out our like five years ago, in which the first chapter is this happening. It wasn't, because I was watching Afghanistan closely, because it is patently obvious to anybody that if you withdraw all support for the afghan military in hand, the country back to the Taliban Ban Crap was of our ears. Tony blinking, being an idiot We, the intelligence community, did not say that the country wide collapse of all meaningful resistance would be likely to occur in a matter of days. And any reference stub, german millions. I did earlier nothing that\
0:41:29 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
He saw that I saw that we saw suggested that this government, and a security force would collapse in a matter of eleven days and you're right that I think we need to look back at all of this Oh, you need look back at all this better hasn't been fire. Will anybody be fired? Josh Holly is asking that question yesterday. He said he's going to slow walk, Joe Biden, foreign policy nominees until the top officials, who this lose their jobs. He said, gonna jack to confirming nominees for state and offence. I you know, concerns unless Anthony Blinking, Lloyd, often secretary vents, in I say to examine all resign because they take responsibility for their failures, but here's the thing none of them are gonna resign, because their failures are not their own. Their Joe Biden failures and if they happened under president from they would have observed obstructing trumps palace, and then from had fired than there has been a hue and cry. The trunk was getting rid of career officials to undemocratic, get rid of career officials or termed officials. It's no big deal in fact\
\
0:42:27 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Joe Biden recently attempted to fire a bunch of trump appointees to soar. Non partisan boards in a very and of his administration included some folks like Kelly Makin any but are also included some some people like Lieutenant General. It was like a general. My master and bind was like. I don't like you from the train fire you, even though you actually have terms riot. These are not viable positions, in opening the made seem to care very much about that norms. Only exist when they can be used as a club against Republicans all He's going to break the country really is by the way are intelligent, photo leggings fire bees. Apparently, intelligence which all Qaeda could reform inside it. Just then they originally said it could reform. Within one to two years but apparel ok is already there, which we already knew. So well done everybody. The reason that I keep coming back to this decentralizing point about the administrative bureaucracy is because, if the country breaks is going to be because people there is no incentive structure for people to stay with\
0:43:26 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
this structure, you have to give people something if you want them to remain inside a structure that takes forty percent of their money. Thirty percent of the money and restricts every area of their life there. me some guarantee on the other end and the guarantee on the other end cannot simply be That people you disagree with, I'm going to govern every aspect of life is People are seeing movement to read states as an escape we are seeing it as a way of a boy. Blue state governance there. There for treason, the sorting is happening and if he response by The Democrats and their friends in the bureaucracy is to tighten their grip to harden their defences. become more school erotic, to become less responsive to cut off all the feedback, loops, you're gonna break the thing you are and that is the direction that we are moving right now on everything from defence to Afghanistan to covert I did the attempts to take rip. Everything incredibly tightly are going to lead to the\
0:44:25 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Tommy Lasorda once had the Coachman baseball team is sort of like holding a doubt your whole to tighten up the dove does escape you dont want to hold it so tightly crushed it up. He could say that your government is sort of the same thing at the goal of the federal government should be too strong enough to maintain the union, but not strong enough to actually destroy the union and it seems as though we are moving very rapidly in the direction of strong enough to destroy the union and they'd rather crush the dog. Then then allowed it up to breed a little bit. And these are predictable results. That is not enough that the title you grip them are things get a break? You're not creating stability are actually creating radical instability. In this entire process, now radical instability is going to lead to a lot of very bad things. It's not going to lead to an amicable ethical What break up like days? I just know nothing it an amicable, amicable divorce. The high likelihood is that things get uglier as time goes on. Because in a desire for top down dominant your alien\
\
So normally there would be an ad here, but you're using an ad-blocker.\
If you find this site useful, please consider disabling your ad-blocker or subscribing.\
0:45:23 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
getting everybody when they have no place left to go because you are using federal government as the cramped, I'm power through the power. an unelected administrative bureaucracy. The only track, apparently being Supreme Court, Mean We now have two branches of the american government Administrative State and the Supreme Court and net it, and if the Democrats simply packed the Supreme Court, that check goes away. To then, I will say that the end of the american Republican experiment would would then be at an end, Depressing note, we'll have additional hour of the bench. Bureau show a little bit later on, in the meantime, go check out the Michael those who show that is available right now, I'm bench where this is the bench Barroso it's, you enjoyed this episode, don't forget to subscribe and if you want to help spread. The word, please give us a fight STAR Review and tell your friends to subscribe to were available on Apple podcast, Spotify and wherever you listened to podcast also be sure to check out the other daily wire podcast, including the Andrew Craven, show that Michael moles show.\
0:46:23 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
and the mat won't show thanks for listening, Dementia Bureau show is produced by Elliot, fell, executive producer, Jeremy boring our supervising producer is math is clever Production manager of a white asking associate producer, Bradford Carrington Post producer, just in barber, show, is ended. Item silent audio is mixed. I make a comment to make up my fabulous, Christina Reduction Assistant, Jessica Cranes. Adventure Barroso is a daily wire production. Copyright daily, they are twenty twenty one. The California Recall effort, fails Joint chiefs, Chairman Mark Milly, flourets with treason, and the phone This man in the world dies unexpectedly check it out and Michael ownership\
0:47:04 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
you guys are again ass God, why haven't guards hurricanes donate your mood servants, urban cars arose? Cars were to one maid servant servant cars, but is don't make your car to day about our programming and you don't put a kind were keeping kinds which take up his queen and easy to get a vacation. a man was well tax deduction, guys stars why, sadly, that guy's Donnay yards also accepting boats, motorcycles, armies and real estate donations.\
\
Elsie joins the met gala with a message for all of her fellow wealthy Marxist, and we discuss why the Richie on earth moral superiority of the Michaela really matters. I mentioned this is the benchmark. yeah they show is sponsored by Express Vps protect my data with GPS, so should you visit express Vps, dotcom, slash abandoning it to all the news in just one moment: first, is your minor inflation is setting in. It is not true, store any longer their estimates that this inflation is going to last. At least a year may be too well, because Things are inflating. This would be an excellent time to diversify into some, more solid than the american dollar, something like a precious metals. What is your plan? Protect your savings, homeowners, insurance in case of a fire. What insurance do you have in place? Inflation continues to ramp up my interest When is gold and silver from Brcko Group and haven't reached out to Portugal to diversify array or for one came into a precious metals IRA, go ahead, and do it today, text Ben to forty, seven, four,\
0:00:58 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
some forty seven get a free information can on protecting your savings with gold, leaving a plus waiting with the better Business Bureau, countless five star views, thousands of happy customers talked them, have them help You safeguard your retirement savings. Folks over Brcko me note there talking other, be honest with you ask all your questions. Get those questions answered then think seriously about taking a portion of your wealth and putting it in precious metals, takes Ben to four some forty, seven, forty, seven Klingon free, no obligation information get on holding gold and silver in a tax, sheltered account again text bench, forty Seven, forty, seven forty seven to take the first step in protecting your savings today already so last night was The met gala unmet gallop is an excellent reminder. artists in the United States are cosplay revolution. they don't actually won revolution. Don't really want much anything beyond simple me. moral virtue, signalling about how little they like this. under which they have grown written Venice. So they do? Is they hobnob with one another and they re fancy parties and they were very fancy clothes and they talk about\
0:01:57 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
how dedicated they are to the revolution? Do the thing is: actual revolutionary? You kill people who go to the mad cow. If you are looking at the old school communist revolution, you go to the towers palace anymore, him in his family. If you're, looking at the french Revolution, the sounds glow they go over to the royal and they execute them, but they dont do is go to the party with the royal and then, where slogans that say down with the Royals, because then it just looks frankly like your kind of a tool, and in fact that is what the met Why is it a bunch of marxist cosplay Marxism? It is a bunch of radicals, costly radicalism, you're not actually being radical. They are not actually going and protesting that gala. In fact, I think what What is so funny about this is their cosplay two things at once. One is there cosplay revolution. Look at us. We are shut. Look. We are fighting the patriarchy by doing this event on behalf of the Michaela to raise money for institution, the Metropolitan Museum of ART is better,\
0:02:54 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
for over a hundred years and is an institution largely step by men and also we are fighting capitalism, wearing these expensive gowns and these expense have tuxedos made by companies that Reagan money, but they also put slogans on those damn it. I mean we're revolutionaries so that hassling revolution, but they are also cosplay marxist think capitalist. Are it amazing? I know lots extraordinarily rich people. I know no billionaires, I know multi billion years. I know some of the richest people on earth actually- and let me tell you they don't live like the people at the met gal address the people at the met. Gala want you to think It is what capitalist live like, but the only people who live like this are the people at Michaela. It is these celebrities who spend their night dressing like fools, we're in thousand dollar gowns that look like a child made them in art class. It's an incredible thing, and so I've gotta love a gala because it exposes them for the frauds they are in other.\
0:03:54 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Very famous ethnic essay by Tom off. It is maybe the best political, I say of all time called radical Sheikh. It's it's about it. It was really printed in York magazine is about a party at at Leonard Bernstein House, The party was Leonard Bernstein and his then wife, and they get or in a penthouse with a bunch of black panthers, is as a cover story for New York magazine and the whole thing is hysterically funny, because it is a bunch of up crust. Radical left us who have benefited from the systems of the United States, patronising the black Panthers, who show up telling them how white pigs should be killed and all the way you are clapping for them, rather than that's the entirety of the ESA, while the owing to her between radical Sheikh that Tom Wolf Essay and what have, Miguel every year is that they are acting. Not even bringing in the black panthers. There are actually bring in a new radicals. There even bring anybody in to act, is sort of like the the exhibits at the muse.\
0:04:53 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
and they can staring with those of the radicals. We love them factually pretend to be them. It is there. a letter, burnings Dinner Party Leonard seen her dressed up as a black panther and then declared himself brave for doing so, and that is what the Miguel is every single year and it's an astonishing, I mean really is, and so we saw a lot of that last night They will save the best for last because we have to, but it began with folks like Megan Repeal showing up and make an appeal shows up wearing a a rare. white and blue outfit and holding a small purse- that's it in gay. We trust Z has not got it in its engaged. We trust you see, like is the theme as american fashion is nothing says. Respect from colleague, replacing God with Gay Mitchell she's such a revolutionary megan, were Pinochet, is standing up to the patriarchy every single she standing up to the patriarchy by making money from the patriarchy and em\
0:05:52 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
an appealing for the help of male politicians. Instead, all day long whining about her position as a very weak, The white woman who gets to pay sport that no one watches other than one's every four years. and be a social activists that has not actually achieved So that's that's exciting subjects but elite he trusts in gay. exciting and gaily, dressed as we had Megan repeal and they may occur the line, and I am I maybe screwing up an amber. Frankly, I don't care because I really don't know very much. She is apparently she some sort of model, and here she was modeling a baby, slash straitjacket. I don't know what this top is supposed to be, and it has pegged at the patriarchy o, the curry. oh, the stunning courage and bravery peg, the patriarchy, because pegging, of course\
0:06:40 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
is an obscure sexual practices in which women perform the the the more aggressive sexual act on men peg at the patriarchy right. Which yeah and if he's taking the patriarchy by being model for the pleasure of men generally speaking and also she's pegging the patriarchy by wearing scantily, clad outfits that say this and the patriarch is quaking in it. But let me tell you just have been well the courage you not by the way where the patriarchy is actually dominant. Using woman could wear this so in Afghanistan, now a patriarch- is pretty dominant if Carol of Delivery, walked out on the streets of Afghanistan, she would be dead within approximately twenty two seconds because she doesn't live in patriarchy. That's the thing she lives in a free republic. No, but pegged the patriarchy such courage and do\
0:07:32 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
the met gala of all places. We should not have been doing it like a truck stop in Ohio she's doing it the met gala, that's where the patriarchy lives, unbelievable courage. Stunning bravery. No, More of this in just one second, because it is indicative of the culture gap that has more in the United States in that actually has basically divided the country. Everybody in the end, the intelligentsia at its economics that divides America, economics is not about Americans, everybody seems to but its policy that divides Americans, in some cases, its policy, but more than that It is this cultural divide. We have half the country that believes that their politics, our valley, whose and that their values are better I actually believe they believe It had the courage to wear a thing that has pendulum pay directly to that gala or to wear or to take low percentage. in gay. We trust dynamite gala rebelling against the obviously deeply homophobic board of the met gala by the way they M in court. You rebelling against I'm just wondering to whom are you speaking?\
0:08:32 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
the chairs of the twenty twenty one met gala are with these Charlemagne most recently was Oscar nominated for playing a person, so much is still ok by the way you're lobby straighten plague, which, frankly, I dont understand that that seems like that violates all the structures that we have been told exist when it you're not allowed to act like a person you're, not Billy. Irish, obviously very homophobic, Amanda, Gorman, super homophobic, and I only Osaka and Tom Ford is there an honorary chair as animals Airy, Anna anyone's or Emmy? Can you imagine a bigger levelled antigay bigotry than that? In the end, the courage of major european, oh walking up wearing an in gay. We trust person like unbelievable. I'm there are costly revolution during its cost. Laying it is a mockery, so I'm glad they do it. We do we get the best we're getting their guys hang on. First, let us talk about a simple that a lot of your equity is tied up. your home, it could be a fifty thousand bucks. A hundred thousand bucks could be more cybercrime\
0:09:28 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
ports are learning homeowners, the more equity you have, the greater the chance foreign and domestic criminals will come after you. After all John Bellinger ones, as the reason that he robbed banks, because that's where the money was that the basic concept, eggs when it comes to home equity as well home title theft is one of the fastest growing, crimes. In fact, on ten o Clock America's leader in home tunnel protection is learning homeowners. It could already be a victim and not know it. Here's how goes down first. Cyber thieves search the public databases for high equity homes pull your homes online. Title forgers, what you're saying you sold your home and take out loans at using your equity generally doesn't come right, your bank or common identity that programmes don't either protect your most valuable register your address now see if you're already a victim received a complete title history of your home. It one hundred dollar value free, but you title, lock, dot com again, that is home, title lock, dot com! You wouldn't leave your safe, open Your front door opens a. Why would you do that with regard to your home equity, which is probably our biggest store of illegal checked, my right now hometown locked outcome at his home title, lock, dotcom, ok, so\
0:10:24 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
We ve had Megan repealing Caroline, and then we had Grimes so Grimes showed up and frankly I don't. Oh anything about Grimes other than that the distress is hideous but person Grimes, who I will assume her gender for the sake of of argument. She showed up carrying Large medieval sought style sword. this sort of special again rubber cosplay. This sort, superstition, Because this sword was from a melted down a our fifteen, now here's the thing about that, if you are going to do these swords into ploughshares routine, you actually have to beat the sword into ploughshare. What a stupid person would do is beat the sword down into two daggers. That's have the same impact. So if your idea is, I will take this very dangerous weapon, and I will melted down we slightly less dangerous weapon. This just makes you seem stupid, which, unfortunately\
0:11:23 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
for us. Our celebrity class most certainly are there is that in Britain during the political stuff Raymond. There, then there's just the bizarre like incarnation, showing up wearing the GIMP outfit from from politics and that is a bizarre. I don't even know what was happening here by the way. Did I mean we are speaking about? it's that might be popular in Afghanistan. These days, as one might be popular, say of Kim Carnation but then you have a Carolyn baloney, Carol, Maloney is a congresswoman from New York. worth somewhere in the neighbourhood of ten to thirteen million dollars, she's gonna Congress. And since nineteen ninety three, so she not if it most women in the United States, because it let's face it- women, indian. The states are not as a class victimized. That is a silly silly contention, especially given the fact that not only to a majority of college students. Not only are they female a majority of college genes are female. In fact, it there's a pretty good evidence that Males are dropping out of the college force at\
0:12:19 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
but at rates. Nobody wants to talk about it because, of course, males who the baddies males are the patriarchy, then matter that. the patriarchate as natural the country, but still Carolyn Maloney. This rest that has these I ain't banner is coming out of the side, would says in seeing equal rights for women are so much bravery MA at the met gala and an american point out in this particular photo baloney she's wearing this, this things as equal rights for women by the she's most famous in Congress for having back at the beginning of the afghan war, worn a full burka on the floor of the house to demonstrate how much he cared about equal rights for women in Afghanistan. Meanwhile, Let's say that for criticism of divine administration for pulling out of Afghanistan and wounding stuff back into work has been at least what muted I went in this particular photo: Carolyn Maloney Cosplay equal rights for women. These banners coming off and, in the background there one two three four five: six: seven women all staffers permit gala.\
0:13:16 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
For all masked she's, not wearing them asked because you see she is a special she's, a special person. Now what things that we have been told, is that if you are fascinated you're supposed to mask what the CDC now says, because their idiot visit, because there, cited that we have to protect the undue the native from vaccinated and effective and from the UN. None of it makes any sense, but these are the rules and told the rules by our moral betters that you're supposed to mean no matter where you go, and it does not, if everybody at the ball had already been tested. It is a matter of everybody, the bargain vaccinate distills post, where the mask, unless you are one of the special people, if you're Tellin, bologna and more equal rights, women, equal rights, for some women, you see if you're the staffing help, if you are the poor, suckers got roped into providing the stage. Support for this little show, then you have to mask up in the background,\
0:14:09 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
It really is quite telling rate if all the women in the background or all wearing mass, because they are part of the lower class, and then you have the special. and the special etc can cartouche in his way back over her head. All the specials are completely on mass. Contra this easy because they are, but there the revolutionaries guys they are indeed we should look at in one second, when you get to the greatest of all cosplay revolutionaries, the inevitable irreverence irreplaceable, so fresh, so face Alexander Lukashenko has so much freshness, so much business. The freshly brilliant, unbelievable revolutionary, studying iconic wouldn't get to this in just one second, because I have some thought first, let us talk about a simple fact you'd like to keep your home safe. I like to keep my home safe. It matters a lot to me. This is why I rely on ring alarm, particularly when I am out of town when my ring alarm\
0:15:03 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
the system and much more ease when I'm on the road or away from home. My ring alarm equals peace of mind. You can protect your home with ring. Alarm ring alarm is power. affordable homes, security system. You can easily install yourself, it works seamlessly with other ring products. In one simple app for special offer, oh to ring dot com, slash then it is the perfect way to start a ring experience. When I on every corner of your house with indoor announced or cams, see, what's happening directly from your phone, your mom anytime anywhere with ring alarm, go to ring. Comes lifespan for a special offer on a ring alarm security kit. Today you can build a system, that's right for your homes, have it up and running in just minutes: that's rings at comets lifespan, once more ring dot com, slash than one of the other. Instead, I lumbering is because it allows me keep an eye. My kids, I've got. Three kids are constantly running all over my property and if I can't find one of them, which sometimes happens, I just pop up that hang up on my phone, and now I can check out exactly where they are. You can do the same,\
0:15:53 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
ring is great check them out, ring dot com. Slash then, for a special offer on a ring alarm security get today. Ok, all of this was mere prelude to the greatest of revolutionary costs. Where's. So fresh unbelievably face the face of freshness and the fresh, faceless Elsie showed up to the Michaela. Now nothing says, woman of the people like showing up Geller, where the average ticket costs thirty thousand dollars. Nice Sweden paper that I see that you are gifted the ticket by some in the management at the Magala. She will a white dress from a actually was wondering who the maker of the dress was Apparently the maker of the dress is some famous shoe designer does that mean cell dresses. Normally they made it special for her and she was wearing a special. I dress with a slogan on the back of it. Reading attacks the rich tax, the rich at the Mat gala surround.\
0:16:52 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
by all of the rich people, including Elsie, who makes a hundred seventy four thousand dollars. You you're not being a barmaid, but being a A person who is in Congress mouthing often Instagram. she is not enough, of the lower classes in the United States gang. Neither is Bernie Sanders. Bernie Sanders is a millionaire loans. Three homes, Ale, He is not a member of the blue collar working class any longer. I saw ass. He shows up to them a gala to hobnob, withdraw it There is no notice again. This has caused Lang revolution. She isn't outside yelling, people going into Magala that they need to be taxed more, do not outside telling. Additionally giving all of the money not to the Metropolitan Museum of Fashion, but to actual poor people Let me tell you something: if you dont age, the Metropolitan Museum of ART and money and go and the poor instead, the here here is that she is she's, a heroine, its iconic. According to reports for rulings on iconic, ah incredible.\
0:17:49 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
She is I search here. She is wearing this dress, that's as tax the rich and we're supposed to swoon, because Can you not ass? You doing anything revolutionary she's going to a bunch of you. We agree with her about tackling the wretch, at least when their at events like this, and then they go home and ahead of their accountant. So what mustache my cash out on the text? that's how it actually works. In Hollywood, a bunch of Hollywood pirates, I'm happy to pay is I'm happy to pay the highest taxes at all the land, and then they call up. They called Berman the accounting, like ok, figure out where Stafford Cayman Islands without work, I dont headway avoid pink. What's the minimum I can pay. I noticed these people are not big on? Actually the giving of the charity or the signing, A larger checks to the federal government have noticed, but has he decides to sharpen she's going to shame them shit that an analogy deeply ashamed right.\
0:18:40 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Then they all look as though they have been just slap in the face of the whitefish or. Alternatively, they know that she just part of the game, because again, Robespierre didn't show up ever sigh wearing hello. It said kill the monarchs. He just killed the monarchs, if you're gonna be a revolutionary you'll, be revolutionary yoga, now would let them take crowd which but she is doing other stuff Why do people this country who are suffering? Who can go back to work in your city? You can't go back to work in a lot of places while the vaccine requirements Elsie's district is one of these less wealthy districts in New York in here regular Joe Mansion was really bad dimension. Plutocrat your mansion? I didn't see him at Michaela. I did see this. This work into Miguel there. She was gala hob nodding with Oliver fashionable friends standing up to the patriarchy standing up to capital with all these beneficiaries of capitalism, core dancing\
0:19:40 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
with the mask of the red death at the ball that protects them from from being part of the so the pandemic its eye. It is, calling to say the least bourgeois down. I guess the dresses designer was Aurora James and she went with her dress designer and she just what it means to be working class women of color at met. Yes, yes, wow! It's like Cinderella going to the ball! Yeah! We! U it well there. There was a cosy. She was sitting in her kitchen doing Instagram post about how to make a smoothly, and she looked over. Into the fire and she just began sifting through the ashes for for potato a crumb to eat, and that's They began calling her Ale Cinderella. and ale. Cinderella then had Billy Porter arrive as the fairy godmother. And grants her her wish which was to go to the ball with all the special people wearing address that set on the back tax. The wretch.\
0:20:40 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
love and then she turned back into a pumpkin should go back to Washington DC and hang out with all the other pumpkins. So here she was. Blue Collar Elsie explaining her heroism, ah, not o heroes, where capes so where two thousand dollar dresses designed by Aurora James here here, she is. When they were first kind of partnered military having conversation about what it means to be working class. Women, Color at the mats Amazon, you know we can't just play along. But we need to break the fourth wall and challenge some of the institutions, and you know why Matt is known for its spectacle. We shut conversation about well, whether known about the spectacle. We should have a conversation about it. You know the conversation\
0:21:30 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
They are a hypocrite ass. A conversation were standing outside with design saying give all the money, the poor you're inside, having have effort, haven't being gifted, give it a seat by the bat and partnered with Aurora James who apparently, the creative directorate founder of luxury accessories brand called brother valleys, which, by the way, I should know brother valleys, I'm just gonna renew some of the prices from their their website. Ok, brother valleys products, eminent look at their at their their shoes, right now. Ok, they have a trust scandal for to hunt an eighty five dollars. They have socks for eighty five bucks affair, which seems kind of expensive for socks. I will note jazz shoes The Beirut slide for six hundred fifteen dollars, but These are working class women of color, fighting back against capitalism, the Pedro so Instead, I will explain why all these matters, because it really does it actually does the region of Errors- is because\
0:22:27 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Well, you know what gets one second first, let us talk about the fact that you do not need to go the poster. like possesses great, they don't ask me to go and weight in line, and you finally get to the friends and it takes forever. Otherwise, you need at home, why not just do it at home or due to the office. This is stamps dotcom thanks to stamp second we'll have to go to the post office. You can mail anytime anywhere right from your computer and pay less a lot less. With this cancer rates. From U S p s, you PS and more clarity where we ve been used campsite com since twenty seventeen we have saved ourselves thousand. Thousands of dollars using stamps Dotcom SAM come, brings the services of the postal Service and you PS directly to your computer. You simply use your computer to print official. U S, postage twenty four seven: your mail is ready to schedule a pickup or drop it off. It is that simple, with stem cell colony, just council, forty percent of post office rates up to sixty six percent of european shipping rate not to mention stamps outcome, is a fraction of the cost of those expensive postage meters. So stop wasting time. Owing to the post office, go to stamp start com. Instead, there is no risk with my promo code Shapiro, you get a special offer that includes before we try plus free\
0:23:26 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
such as digital scale, no long term commitments or contracts, just gotta stamps outcome, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage typing Shapiro. That, since I come from a code, Shapiro stem cell com never go to the post office again, So why does any of this matter wasn't Michaela matter? What is a yo see in all this wise is important. The reason it's important is because this people who conference hearing them systems are the beneficiaries of the system, if you're, do something like the Michaela. It should be a celebration of capitalism because, frankly, that's what makes all of this past. it should be a celebration of free market and competition and creativity and entrepreneurship which is really what is happening at the regular. Instead, it's a bunch of master oratory idiots talking about how terrible are the systems under which we live well continuously living the highest on the Haug. It is possible to live and making money\
0:24:15 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
themselves in the process, and you know what good, because it shows what idiots they are. It shows that for them, the political stance, it's like a purse, it's just an accessory. That's all Political stance is not some sort of deeply rooted belief system for a lot of these votes. It is not what they believe in their heart of hearts, because they are willing to show that in order to go to a cocktail party with all the famous folks what it is really about. More than anything, all of the radical left, most ardent proposals are Elsie's dress there all expensive dresses built on the back of an incredibly prosperous system, saying tax, the rich it's all signalling all it is his arm of the person because, like I believe that it would be a bad person if she just wants to make our and didn't say tax, the return of that, but it didn't say, tax. The rich are the back. So now she's good person now she's virtuous caravan wearing a stupid bib. They probably caused a couple fowls\
0:25:09 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
dollars wearing, say it if, in events had anything, we're just think look at these decadent idiot celebrities, but She had embroider on it Peggy the patriarchy, and that means that shit he is a morally praiseworthy person, Megan repeal would just be a wine soccer player playing a sport that very few people. at once, every four years when the media decided important and then why about a salary contract that she herself signed. That's all she would be, except for the fact that she walked around Talking about how victimized she is an american society and how the institutions are bad, the greatest drift in America is living on the back of the greatest system ever put to paper. And then talking about what a victim you are well living high on that system is the most amazing gripped I've ever seen, and so many of our politicians do it. Does it Joe Biden never taken a private sector paycheck. Hey Joe Biden has never any business turbines never done. Anything worthwhile is in the matter\
0:26:07 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
It was elected to the Senate of the United States when he was twenty nine years old. You say congressional welfare case in here. Talking about the evils of the system that have me worth millions and millions of dollars and by the way that system, the political patronage system. It made a millions and millions of dollars, because that's why he's rich sheet there's a difference between politicians? before and then going to politics and people who are not rich. Men became rich because they were politicians like Joe Biden, just kind of despicable, the the amazing spectacle in the United States of people who benefit from the system really the system for pay and fun is just an amazing amazing thing to walk, and you should always keep that in mind, because that's what they're doing because what is that really mounted in the end? What a man who is they are better than you. They are more morally praiseworthy. Then you you see, Elsie is more morally praiseworthy, then you, you are just arrest I'm sure you, somebody who owns a small restaurant in,\
0:27:05 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Rural Indiana and you know you don't think the institutions should be torn down. You'll have the vision, Melick, economics cunning. You don't see the deep roots of evil in the system, while you know getting ten million, no attacks from from Jack Dorsey for twitter, and running a centre for antiracist research that today has produced zero Research of Boston University. The person who runs business and tries to make the employees have money to take home and you try to put food on the table for kids in. Maybe you try to service your customers, but you don't stand up against the institutions, which means that your bad and you're stupid these both their special their elite. They are better than you because they have only succeeded in the system. They recognise the evils of the system, and this makes them superior to you and what is\
0:27:53 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
mean what it really means that we are just supposed to ignore everything they actually do on the ground in favour of the proposition that you are bad and you are. You are morally blameworthy. Your life does not matter your your prospects. Do not or your hopes in your dreams do not matter because you are not part, because playing Revolutionary brigade, because you like a dog they actually caught the car. They wouldn't know what to do with it. It really is these rules, if Tom Ford, and Timothy Charlemagne and EO see if ever caught the car and the instituted socialist revolution. apparently so ardently see it may be quite unhappy with the result most ardent communists in the United States, who never lived under communism and most ardent capitalists in the United States have. There is a for that reason, the cuban expertise, come to the United States and they understood the evils of communism, while all the communists in the United States were born in the United States, went to our top universities and an again it comes down to\
0:28:50 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
the way that they are going to to re in green still reinforce. Own sense of moral superiority is to crap on you bringing and it comes out in you think they do, it really does take, for example, covered power. They will get to that in just one second, first, let's talk about the fact that life is unexpected. You do need policy junior You need life insurance of irresponsible human being. You could be looking down the street and suddenly a trap door opens beneath you and you are. find yourself in an alternative universe where job it is. A good precedent and Elsie is brilliant, and The economy is not inflating and in alternative universe. You can't get back right, you're, just there in your family misses you in the real world, and then you can get back at that, you wish. Man I wish I'd life insurance. My family's was taking care of. This is why the policy genius, how's eugenies makes it easier to compare. it's over a dozen top insurers. All in one place. Why compare? Well, you could, fifty percent or more life insurance by comparing quads. Without genius, it could save thirteen,\
0:29:49 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
buxom more per year on life insurance by using teaching is to compare policies, the licensed experts, a policy genius work for you. Not the insurance companies. You can trust them to help you navigate every step of the shopping and buying process. A kind of, his own policy genius, thousands of five star views across trust pilot, Google and eligible applicants can get covered in as little as weak thanks to an award winning policy option that swaps standard medical agenda requirement for a simple phone call. This exclusive powers was recently raided number one by Forbes adviser higher than options from ladder, ethos and bestow, they started a simple first, you had another policy genius tat come Slash Shapiro, you can work out how much life insurance coverage newcomers- I still find your best price had an overcapacity. Dot com, slash appear to get started right now: policy genius when it comes to insurance, it's nice and quite important to get it right. Everything to more on this in just one. Second: first\
0:30:37 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
you may have noticed that the federal government has now gone totally authoritarian when it comes to be back. Seen, mandates batching mandate when it comes to forcing businesses to fire people if they refuse to get the covered. Vexing that isn't on american principle is the antithesis of freedom. It is wrong affecting all of us, because when you have the federal government override federalism and They are simply going to cram down rules on little people. That is wrong. We'll talk about it, night and in all new episode of backstage. With me, german Boring, Michaelmas, Matt Walls and Andrew Clayton, and for them a gala will come up. it streams night. Seven p M Eastern six came central, ideally where I come in and are you to channel daily Wire, don't visit in listening to the largest fastest growing concern? Pakistan, radio, show in the nation because folks are your moral betters. It doesn't matter what they they can do whatever they want. They can be as bad policy as they want to be. As Lord as you are, the target. That's all that matters folks, wonder where the populist sort of revolt under\
0:31:34 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
came from a came from an f you, that's where it came from a camera Americans. Looking at stuff like this and you're, saying you're, declaring yourselves our moral better. Here is a giant orange pulsating middle finger to you and by the way there's a person was unrepentant capitalist. I would add that on the part of companies actually find charming and always known. Charming was the fact that Trump was like yeah, I'm a cat listen guess what capitalism's great stick it more of this, please it but again for all of these vote. Once have declared themselves be morally fit and you the unfair it doesnt matter whether the policies that they are actually in charge of now ails you, members of Congress, woman, she's, not a singer, she's, not a wrapper she's, not an actress she's, a congresswoman Carolyn Maloney is a congresswoman. And there being treated and fitted as though they are celebrities, but our politicians are actually in charge of policy, may have noticed the relationship between policy and politician right. They come from the same route so\
0:32:28 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
What exactly are they allowed you? And yet? The answer is anything so long as the victimizing. There are people, so there's equip the came out yesterday, MRS commerce secretary Geena Raimondo talking about the new vaccine. And she says you know what It doesn't really matter if a few little people lose their jobs overall, there will be job gains, is that all of the vaccinated will feel comfortable to go back to work and we can reopen the economy if we do these batsy manage. But you lost your job, Because you are natural immunity and monitor the vaccine? Well, tough beans for you, because we are the Elect you're concerned at all. This could have a worse impact on the workers shortage we currently have people will quit their jobs. I am not saying not. You know. We need to get. We have challenges in this economy right now supply chain Workers shortages, young people still afraid to fly people reach back to work all to me alleviated. If everybody gets vaccinated,\
0:33:28 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
So yes, there is a challenge. Now people not going back to work, a lot of tat is because people are afraid to go back to work, ok Such a lie. The reason the people are free to go back to work is because of you because of the media in Europe. We want, where to go back to work, red states, people back to work in Florence in backward for months, I will I mention this because it remains a fact: the Z policy Riven Gap- this is not in actual disease driven gap. It is a perception gap. Once again, the bat needed should be fine, going back to work. The vaccine are highly successful, but you guys are attempt. you drive a wedge between Americans on vaccination status and willingness to get the vaccine is on. two viable by the science, because everyone Now the ability to get the vaccine, but you don't care If somebody loses their job, you don't care. If your was demanded means that if we exceeded Your request, daily wire, might have to fire forty fifty employees young.\
0:34:25 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
About what happens to them? Because they are the baddies, you see their bad and you're good, the reason we know you're good is big is not me, your policies, not because your policies are actually good or right or fair or rights based. No, it's because you good person and we know you're a good person because of who you are in opposition to. and consistency is of little consequence year begins. Your position at random, because, once you are a member of the elect than theirs thing you can do they get a kick out of the elect, except to sympathise with the unaware. That is all that happens right. So, for example, we yesterday a great incentive, doktor factory, second best offered America Africa for Joe Biden. He can only said he's now for mandates when it comes to air travel. Now this is completely anti scientific. Air travel has not been a vector of dread of disease. This entire time, if epithet answers on the plains, at the beginning of the pandemic, when there were no vaccines available. There was very transmission on planes and better safer monoplane than you were pretty\
0:35:25 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
any other area, because the ventilation. The CDC Sazen. Much by the way, the CDC hasn't it Importance- and we are surprised to learn that planes really were not being used as doctors of transmission. Now you ve Anthony how'd you basically saying we want to ban in entire group of people in the United States from being able to fly and travel your basically what are putting on a no fly list like your terrorist. If you won't get vaccinated, why per se now it aims to protect the vaccinated, I'm not kidding you. This is their idiotic, the common interest we desire yesterday, a couple of years later, Into the United States actually tweeted out, vaccinating Yon vaccinated, increasing our testing and masking and protecting the vaccinated and this pandemic protecting the vaccinated you nor protects the vaccinated, the vaccine. That's why they're called vaccinated? I was protected, in it. My antibodies cadet after that in protecting the vaccinated is an attempt by the Americans\
0:36:18 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
always against figures, voucher, saying something completely anti scientific and we're supposed to believe him, because after all he has to science, I wouldn't what that, if you want to get on a plane and travel with other people, that you should be vaccinated, why. Women in agony should be vaccinated generally, but why is it a precondition to travel Jersey? Why evaluated hundred Exchequer Factory sort that twenty nineteen and twenty nineteen, whose directly ass by Rapporteur from Bloomberg. So our masks a great of preventing disease. Twenty nineteen, prior to dynamic his answer exactly like jargon and the best way for me to prevent getting an infectious disease and having to Have you as my doctor, is what, wearing a mask now know through that somebody I can see the Red Maria Sneezer cloth walk away. You avoid all the paranoid aspects into something positive, a good diet B. You don't smoke. I know I know you don't drink, at least\
0:37:16 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
very much so that's pretty good gets exercise. I know that you don't get as much exercise as you should then soccer Anthony. How'd. You started twenty nineteen to be a member of the elect you have to do a doctor, Anthony Factory, says even in direct contradiction to. It is amazing. By the way we ve gone, this entire pandemic, been no systematic discussion of whether American should exercise that is kind of an amazing thing. You can be both vaccine and pro exercise which, by the way, would be the actual scientific position here the vaccines are good and also it is better not to be fat. Ok, it is better as a health matter not to be overweight. That does not mean there are people who struggle with it. But there are a lot of people were doing their exercise and not eating healthy. That is just a reality in United States. Whenever people talk about the health gaps in the United States for Scandinavia, it goes way fatter than Scandinavia is acts? Are medical system socks is as our medical system can't fix the fact that many of us are gigantic, he's just a reality. It, but again\
0:38:13 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Anti factories member. You have to listen to him and if you don't listen to him than your cast into the outer darkness and now, they're, making it more more radical right, Zeke Emmanuel says you'll be cast into the outer darkness. If you dont want to nastier or or vaccinate your small children now get the I'm wondering where is it like their better- be some pretty exorbitant data on the lack of risk to choke? from this vaccine? Because the lack of risk from covered is well substantiated? This point United States. None children under the age of eighteen who died in the United States from coal. It is four hundred and twelve course of a year and a half during this pandemic, as opposed to well over nine hundred fifty who died from pneumonia Saint exact, varied of time here is tat here is a Zeke Emmanuel hover saying we need to actually mandate that small schoolchildren get the vaccine. Only forty percent of those kids, twelve to fifteen have gotten only vaccinated We really need that number to go away. Just to give you a contrast, adults between sixty five and seventy five who were so threatened before eighty five percent.\
0:39:10 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
of them are vaccinated. We need to really mandate, I think, twelve to fifteen year olds, the vaccine all on the contrary, is unbelievable? Ok, when he's saying he just compared vaccination rates among twelve to fifteen year old, whom we are talking about. Maybe a couple. A few dozen debts, everyone here, but few dozen debts, the course of a year is comparing that two people and the rate sixty five which is everyone who died in the United States, is it is there have always we're killing the elderly me. administration again. Confer the science is saying that everybody get boosters its own. Pvc has like nope. The CDC Anna W Echo are both again. We were not Sienna, guys like we looked at the data and What we are saying is that evaluation had ninety five percent effectiveness. Again severe disease, promote Delta and Elsa. More than Eighty percent effectiveness in protecting against infection from those variants They noted the wing antibody levels, don't necessarily correlate with a decrease\
0:40:05 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Fatima against severe disease because you got t sell and be so immunity right There's may eventually be needed, said scientists, but there could be risks if booster too, widely introduced too soon or too frequently, because it might create adversary and when you do too many fast you and yet the administration is rushing for with the sort of stuff and only if you, if you will note any of us, then you will be cast into the outer darkness and then you than that the bad people it is all about it's all about being a member of the electricity, a member of the Nano ACT, and that is why our politics are so broken, and there getting fixed anytime soon, because the Walter were issue of our time is whether you think your neighbour is a bad person. It is not the back saying it is not. It is not racial issues, it is not tax issues, it is none of that its whether you are oriented against the institutions of the country and are therefore part of the\
0:41:00 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
We shall then, while benefiting from it or if you're, not, that is how we determine There is a reason why I mean that there is a pull. The just came out: May Scott ass musn't national survey- and this is backed by other data when Christians, Santos ended. A pull last year is with eyeing something, and what this profound is that, fifty seven percent of democratic voters believe that supporters, Donald Trump are a serious threat to the nation. They literally believe that Their fellow Americans are a serious threat to the nation itself, that is supposed to say the Taliban. Only forty four, Democrats believe that the Taliban are a threat to the country or believe that China is a threat to the country. I believe the defined the police activists are a threat to the country. Fifty six percent Democrats, believed on vaccinated Americans are a threat to the country again your vaccinated there not a threat to you. They only thirty's and present believe that Russia is a threat to the country fully\
0:41:59 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
seven percent believe the Donald took Donald Trump supporters are a threat to the country. Now, if you look at how None identifying voters rank these issues in terms of who they think is a threat to the country, not GNP not down in this, for the top threats, according to the independent voters, are in order. Taliban China defined the police activists on vaccinated Americans, Russia, Donald support as illegal immigrants and socialist I'm. Supporters and socialists are basically on par with one another. According to sort of independent voters can, but when you take a large percentage of country. Forty percent the country- and you say what makes you good or what makes you bad agreement with my dumb slogan on the back of my dress and anything that we aid together it is oriented against other people. I don't care if they lose their jobs their though there the baddies, then what you end up with is a country that is broken\
0:42:53 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
and repair and you're, not gonna, it's not a shock. You can end up with the sorting mechanism that you seen in terms of american population movements. It is not a shock you seen people like me. My family, from California to Florida, because who, live in an area where neighbours look at you cross, I'd because you voted away, the didn't, want you to vote or because you little, style, they don't want you live. Who wants to do that? The answer is nobody and so you're gonna end up with, because of the cultural or stuff it is all culture were all the way down. Donald Trump was not elected because of these economic programme. Donald Trump was not elected because it was foreign policy programme. No one could name what those programmes were in twenty. Sixteen, he was elected because Donald Trump was a giant f. You to this entire. group of people who say that anyone who disagrees with them is part of the of the damned and are going straight to Hell. It there's a pig in a stick religious person. And what you see the MAC every single year is the pagan stood at work and if you, if you can- see that that that is why it's amazing, because- and I thank you,\
0:43:52 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
independent voter, the republican voter. They look at them unlike our understand why people are treating Joe Biden or Dreams Administration dream Barack Obama for that matter. Trainees what a good at what they do like who looks at the wedding, folks handle the issues and, thanks to themselves, those people need more control of my life. You understand for the people who vote that is not about that group of people more control over their lives, it's about their willing to take the hit so that they are have control over your life is very famous episode in the extended Bible mouth viable to Moses, but in the profits is very famous episode in which two women come to kings men and they are fighting over the identity of a baby. So they both have. Babies are the same exact time. One maybe died, the other baby lived and the one whose baby live is accusing one who baby died of stealing babies, they come front of King Solomon, and they are solomon- dissolve the riddle whose baby is this- an Solomons\
0:44:48 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
my solutions and cut the baby in half and woman's baby dies is fine. And women's babies. Little baby lived says: no, I don't care There or not, this is It doesn't matter to me as if she got Does she have debated the bit then that maybe I and Solomon immediately says: ok you're! Obviously the mother, because you care whether they be lives rise, understand, for the radicals in our society. The destruction is the point. It is not about what is replaced with and it is not about struck the system it is about destruction of you. It is about destruction of people who do not think like they do they don't care They have to take the hit in New York by vaccinating Butler by vaccine mandates and, and you got it, take a matter of acting to get on a plane because it doesn't affect them. It affects you. it is more about revenge against people who do not think the way they do. Then it is vile, promulgating, anything good or beneficial little care, whether you get vaccinated, if they did not actually try to convince you to give accented. If your own vaccinated didn't care about any that what they care about most\
0:45:44 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
Why is there continuing sense of moral superiority and your continued feeling of me? inferiority and if You know, like somebody who's going to bang on all of the people they hate most and all the rest of it being good. Whatever fan cocktail parties they want to be as hypocritical as they want. They can hang out with aids and celebs at whatever Tony Richie Gala they want to go to because they are better than you. Already we back your later today with an additional hour of content coming up soon. Is that, while show it airs, one thirty pm Eastern be sure to check it out over a daily where over? At I mentioned this is the benchmark, If you and join this episode, dont forget to subscribe and if you want to help spread. The word. Please give us a five star review and tell your friends to subscribe to were available on Apple podcast, Spotify and wherever you listen to pod, cast also be sure to check out the other daily, whereupon costs, including the Andrew Clayton.\
0:46:40 
\f1 \uc0\u9654 
\f0 \
The micro small show and that, while show thanks for listening, the bench of Euro show is produced by Elliot, felt, executive producer. Jeremy boring our supervising producer is math is clever, reduction manager of a white ascii associate producer, Bradford Carrington Post producer, just in Barbara Show, is edited Adam silent Audio is mixed. I might call Romena Errand make up my fabulous, Christina Production Assistant, Jessica grants. Adventure bureau show is a daily work, production, copyright daily wire, twenty twenty one and you will see in the rest of the ruling class, got together at the met gala last night to celebrate their wealth. Also, a new poll shows that an increasing number of vaccinated Americans are cutting off ties with on vaccination. Friends, secretary of state blanket it's that many of those outside the applicant Afghans, we're getting into the country are not actually as ivy applicants and a male Emma fighter enters. The ring with a female fighter and beats dissipation. This is being celebrated as a brave and beautiful moment in sports history, but I have a different tack}